VIDEO-11793 - Change COMMON_ISSUES entry (#1979)
twilio/twilio-video.js: COMMON_ISSUES.md

</p>
</details>
<details>
<summary>iOS 16: Local Media Tracks are lost in a video call after an interruption with a phone call</summary>
<p>

>    Due to a bug on Safari on iOS 16, an incoming call causes local and sometimes remote media playback to stop after the second incoming call. You can find more details in this [WebKit bug](https://bugs.webkit.org/show_bug.cgi?id=240651). As a workaround, you can call the [refreshInactiveMedia](https://sdk.twilio.com/js/video/releases/2.26.0/docs/Room.html#refreshInactiveMedia__anchor) method on the room object in your application in order to restart the muted local media tracks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Due to a bug on Safari on iOS 16, an incoming call causes local and sometimes remote media playback to stop after the **second** incoming call. You can find more details in this [WebKit bug](https://bugs.webkit.org/show_bug.cgi?id=240651). As a workaround, you can call the [Room.refreshInactiveMedia](https://sdk.twilio.com/js/video/releases/2.26.0/docs/Room.html#refreshInactiveMedia__anchor) method in your application in order to restart the muted local media tracks and resume playback of the paused remote media tracks.
```
